README.adoc, before:

= Community contributed blocklets

This repository contains a set of scripts (a.k.a. *blocklets*) for link:https://github.com/vivien/i3blocks[i3blocks], contributed by the community.

|===
| Blocklet | Description
| link:afs[] | Show usage information for an AFS directory
| link:apt-upgrades[] | Show system upgrades using aptitude
| link:arch-update[] | Show AUR updates using yaourt
| link:aur-update[] | Show AUR updates
| link:backlight[] | Show the screen brightness value given by `xbacklight`
| link:bandwidth[] | Show bandwidth information (default bash version)
| link:bandwidth2[] | Show bandwidth information (C version)
| link:bandwidth3[] | Show bandwidth information (another bash version)
| link:battery-poly[] | Show multi-battery info
| link:battery[] | Show battery info
| link:battery2[] | Pretty battery info
| link:batterybar[] | Show battery info graphically as a bar
| link:calendar[] | Current date/time and click for calendar
| link:cpu_usage[] | Show current CPU usage
| link:cpu_usage2[] | Show current CPU usage (C version)
| link:disk[] | Show disk usage (space used) for a given directory
| link:disk-io[] | Monitor disk reads and writes
| link:docker[] | Show the number of Docker containers and container IP
| link:dunst[] | Toggle Dunst notifications using a simple Do-Not-Disturb button
| link:email[] | Show the number of unread IMAP messages
| link:essid[] | Show the wifi ESSID you are connected to (dep: iwconfig, perl)
| link:gpu-load[] | Shows load of Nvidia GPUs
| link:go[] | Show the currently installed Go version
| link:iface[] | Show network interface IP/status
| link:kbdd_layout[] | Show the keyboard layout using dbus and kbdd
| link:keyindicator[] | Show the status of capslock or numlock
| link:key_layout[] | Show the current keyboard layout using setxkbmap
| link:key_light[] | Control the keyboard backlight
| link:kubernetes[] | Show the kubernetes current context and namespace
| link:load_average[] | Show the system 1 minute load average
| link:mediaplayer[] | Generic media player status/controls using playerctl
| link:memory[] | Show ram or swap usage
| link:monitor_manager[] | Manage monitor on/off, resolution, extend, clone
| link:nm-vpn[] | Show vpn status using network manager
| link:openvpn[] | Show openvpn status
| link:rofi-calendar[] | Current date/time and click for callendar using rofi
| link:shutdown_menu[] | Shutdown menu using rofi or zenity
| link:tahoe-lafs[] | Show status of your tahoe-lafs grid
| link:temperature[] | Show system temperatures using lm-sensors
| link:time[] | Show the current date/time and click to change timezones
| link:ssid[] | Show the wifi SSID you are connected to (dep: iw, awk)
| link:usb[] | Show connected usb storage device info
| link:volume[] | Show the current system volume (default)
| link:volume-pulseaudio[] | Pretty print system volume for pulseaudio
| link:wifi[] | Show the strength of your wifi connection in percent
| link:wlan-dbm[] | Show wifi interface link quality in dBm or percent
| link:ytdl-mpv[] | Play youtube videos from your clipboard using youtube-dl
|===

It is officially maintained by @kb100 with the help of a bench of active i3blocks crafters.

Each release of this repository will be guaranteed to work against a given link:https://github.com/vivien/i3blocks/releases[release] of i3blocks (a.k.a. *core*).

|===
| contrib | core
| master | master
| next | next
|===

You may want to take a look at the individual blocklet directories, which contain descriptions, screenshots, and installation/configuration instructions.

NOTE: configurations reference `$SCRIPT_DIR`, meaning the directory that you put the script into. +
You must change `$SCRIPT_DIR` appropriately to coincide with where you put your scripts, for more info see the link:https://github.com/vivien/i3blocks-contrib/wiki/FAQ#blocklets-refer-to-script_dir-what-does-that-mean-how-can-i-use-it[FAQ].

Want to contribute?
Great!
Check the link:https://github.com/vivien/i3blocks-contrib/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md[contribution guidelines] in order to get started.

Happy crafting!

Commit message:

Change wording for i3blocks version requirement

README.adoc, after:

= Community contributed blocklets

This repository contains a set of scripts (a.k.a. *blocklets*) for link:https://github.com/vivien/i3blocks[i3blocks], contributed by the community.

|===
| Blocklet | Description
| link:afs[] | Show usage information for an AFS directory
| link:apt-upgrades[] | Show system upgrades using aptitude
| link:arch-update[] | Show AUR updates using yaourt
| link:aur-update[] | Show AUR updates
| link:backlight[] | Show the screen brightness value given by `xbacklight`
| link:bandwidth[] | Show bandwidth information (default bash version)
| link:bandwidth2[] | Show bandwidth information (C version)
| link:bandwidth3[] | Show bandwidth information (another bash version)
| link:battery-poly[] | Show multi-battery info
| link:battery[] | Show battery info
| link:battery2[] | Pretty battery info
| link:batterybar[] | Show battery info graphically as a bar
| link:calendar[] | Current date/time and click for calendar
| link:cpu_usage[] | Show current CPU usage
| link:cpu_usage2[] | Show current CPU usage (C version)
| link:disk[] | Show disk usage (space used) for a given directory
| link:disk-io[] | Monitor disk reads and writes
| link:docker[] | Show the number of Docker containers and container IP
| link:dunst[] | Toggle Dunst notifications using a simple Do-Not-Disturb button
| link:email[] | Show the number of unread IMAP messages
| link:essid[] | Show the wifi ESSID you are connected to (dep: iwconfig, perl)
| link:gpu-load[] | Shows load of Nvidia GPUs
| link:go[] | Show the currently installed Go version
| link:iface[] | Show network interface IP/status
| link:kbdd_layout[] | Show the keyboard layout using dbus and kbdd
| link:keyindicator[] | Show the status of capslock or numlock
| link:key_layout[] | Show the current keyboard layout using setxkbmap
| link:key_light[] | Control the keyboard backlight
| link:kubernetes[] | Show the kubernetes current context and namespace
| link:load_average[] | Show the system 1 minute load average
| link:mediaplayer[] | Generic media player status/controls using playerctl
| link:memory[] | Show ram or swap usage
| link:monitor_manager[] | Manage monitor on/off, resolution, extend, clone
| link:nm-vpn[] | Show vpn status using network manager
| link:openvpn[] | Show openvpn status
| link:rofi-calendar[] | Current date/time and click for callendar using rofi
| link:shutdown_menu[] | Shutdown menu using rofi or zenity
| link:tahoe-lafs[] | Show status of your tahoe-lafs grid
| link:temperature[] | Show system temperatures using lm-sensors
| link:time[] | Show the current date/time and click to change timezones
| link:ssid[] | Show the wifi SSID you are connected to (dep: iw, awk)
| link:usb[] | Show connected usb storage device info
| link:volume[] | Show the current system volume (default)
| link:volume-pulseaudio[] | Pretty print system volume for pulseaudio
| link:wifi[] | Show the strength of your wifi connection in percent
| link:wlan-dbm[] | Show wifi interface link quality in dBm or percent
| link:ytdl-mpv[] | Play youtube videos from your clipboard using youtube-dl
|===

It is officially maintained by @kb100 with the help of a bench of active i3blocks crafters.

Each release of this repository will be guaranteed to work against a given link:https://github.com/vivien/i3blocks/releases[release] of i3blocks (a.k.a. *core*).

|===
| contrib | core
| master | master
| next | next
|===

You may want to take a look at the individual blocklet directories, which contain descriptions, screenshots, and installation/configuration instructions.

NOTE: configurations reference `$SCRIPT_DIR`, meaning the directory that you put the script into. +
You must change `$SCRIPT_DIR` appropriately to coincide with where you put your scripts, for more info see the link:https://github.com/vivien/i3blocks-contrib/wiki/FAQ#blocklets-refer-to-script_dir-what-does-that-mean-how-can-i-use-it[FAQ].

Want to contribute?
Great!
Check the link:https://github.com/vivien/i3blocks-contrib/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md[contribution guidelines] in order to get started.

NOTE: i3blocks-contrib REQUIRES i3blocks v1.5 or higher, since it uses i3blocks dynamic properties.

Happy crafting!
